ref(angular): Update Angular SDK docs for `@sentry/angular-ivy` (#6356)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/replay-onboarding/angular/1.install.md

#### Install

> You need a minimum version 7.27.0 of `@sentry/angular` or `@sentry/angular-ivy` in order to use Session Replay. You don't need to install any additional packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use Session Replay, you'll need version 7.27.0 of `@sentry/angular` or `@sentry/angular-ivy` at minimum. You won't need to install any additional packages.
```
